DOCS-3977: Suggested clarification from commento (#1459)
truenas/documentation: content/Archive.md

## Legacy Documentation

The documentation, release notes, and notices provided in this section follow the major and minor releases of the previous FreeNAS and TrueNAS projects, before their unification under the TrueNAS name.

> At that time, FreeNAS would publish first and TrueNAS followed later in the FreeNAS lifecycle with occasional simultaneous releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At that time, FreeNAS published first and TrueNAS followed later in the FreeNAS lifecycle with occasional simultaneous releases.
```
